sup peeps murk here again with another
pail a plant location video right now
this is the top like as north as you can
get I suppose in like a little park yeah
I would say this is like a little a
little park just like yeah I don't know
what that is jungle gym this is called a
jungle gym anyway this is the pea plant
it kind of sounds like a cougar or a
mountain line or something
so we're gonna take it see what we see
if I'm correct it sounds like that so
let's see what it is
Franklin loves trippin balls say I was
right once again
hey pegs predator this is
I've also just noticed that when
Franklin's talking to himself the the
tiger mountain line is actually talking
like the mouse on the animals moving
let's just check this out me
oh my god did the wild beast be the
everybody come on copper don't kill me
me oh they got me
something last long anyway if you did
like this video please leave a like to
comment down below subscribe if you're
new to my channel also before I end this
if you do know of any more peyote
locations that I haven't already covered
on my channel please let me know in the
comments below ok got this we got it
got it yeah yeah yeah I'm out peace